Kiosk Apps
Device Management > Chrome Management > Device Settings > Kiosk Apps

AIRSecureTest
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/airsecuretest/hblfbmjdaalalhifaajnnodlkiloengc

TestNav
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/testnav/mdmkkicfmmkgmpkmkdikhlbggogpicma

DRC INSIGHT Online Assessments
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/drc-insight-online-assess/nickmpjdfebcopckkfjmflblnmijbiom


Chrome Web Allowed Apps
Device Management > Chrome Management > User Settings > Allowed Apps and Extensions

G Suite Training
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/g-suite-training/idkloemkmldbemijiamdiolojbffnjlh

Google Drive
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-drive/apdfllckaahabafndbhieahigkjlhalf

Docs
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/docs/aohghmighlieiainnegkcijnfilokake

Sheets
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/sheets/felcaaldnbdncclmgdcncolpebgiejap

Slides
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/slides/aapocclcgogkmnckokdopfmhonfmgoek

Google Forms
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-forms/jhknlonaankphkkbnmjdlpehkinifeeg

Google Drawings
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-drawings/mkaakpdehdafacodkgkpghoibnmamcme

Save to Google Drive
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/save-to-google-drive/gmbmikajjgmnabiglmofipeabaddhgne

Google Docs Offline
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-docs-offline/ghbmnnjooekpmoecnnnilnnbdlolhkhi

Google Calendar
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-calendar/gmbgaklkmjakoegficnlkhebmhkjfich

Google Maps
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-maps/lneaknkopdijkpnocmklfnjbeapigfbh

Google Mail Checker
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-mail-checker/mihcahmgecmbnbcchbopgniflfhgnkff

Google Keep Chrome Extension
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-keep-chrome-extens/lpcaedmchfhocbbapmcbpinfpgnhiddi

Input Tab in Google Keep
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/input-tab-in-google-keep/bmfmbanhkhjhfeckobkcecohknhlnamb

Google Scholar Button
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-scholar-button/ldipcbpaocekfooobnbcddclnhejkcpn

Google Hangouts
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-hangouts/nckgahadagoaajjgafhacjanaoiihapd

Google Sites
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-sites/gmandedkgonhldbnjpikffdnneenijnd

Google Dictionary (by Google)
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-dictionary-by-goog/mgijmajocgfcbeboacabfgobmjgjcoja

Send from Gmail (by Google)
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/send-from-gmail-by-google/pgphcomnlaojlmmcjmiddhdapjpbgeoc

Chrome OS US English Female HQ
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/chrome-os-us-english-fema/efdojdlmjknacnljjdedapanceanigkh

Google Classroom
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-classroom/mfhehppjhmmnlfbbopchdfldgimhfhfk

Share to Classroom
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/share-to-classroom/adokjfanaflbkibffcbhihgihpgijcei

Google Input Tools
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-input-tools/mclkkofklkfljcocdinagocijmpgbhab

Google Arts & Culture
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-arts-culture/akimgimeeoiognljlfchpbkpfbmeapkh

Search by Image (by Google)
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/search-by-image-by-google/dajedkncpodkggklbegccjpmnglmnflm

Google Tone
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-tone/nnckehldicaciogcbchegobnafnjkcne

Earth View from Google Earth
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/earth-view-from-google-ea/bhloflhklmhfpedakmangadcdofhnnoh

Bookmark Manager
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bookmark-manager/gmlllbghnfkpflemihljekbapjopfjik

Google Play Books
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-play-books/mmimngoggfoobjdlefbcabngfnmieonb

Camera
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/camera/hfhhnacclhffhdffklopdkcgdhifgngh

Google Docs Quick Create
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-docs-quick-create/bldgenmjegcnjebiongilahhcjldgmlm

Keep Awake
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/keep-awake/bijihlabcfdnabacffofojgmehjdielb

OverDrive
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/overdrive/fnhgfoccpcjdnjcobejogdnlnidceemb

Clever
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/clever/nopfnnpnopgmcnkjchnlpomggcdjfepo

PowerTest (Interactive Achievement)
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/powertest-interactive-ach/bpdcjlbmhdealpjbdjndgiiokegmogae

Hapara Highlights Extension
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hapara-highlights-extensi/kbohafcopfpigkjdimdcdgenlhkmhbnc

IXL
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ixl/ojpmknlmiefdmkfbfebehccibkjdihbj

Typing Club
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/typingclub/obdbgibnhfcjmmpfijkpcihjieedpfah

Khan Academy Helper
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/khan-academy-helper/kpmpdolpcgcihifeihogalecdkpjhiko

uBLock Origin
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ublock-origin/cjpalhdlnbpafiamejdnhcphjbkeiagm

Number Round-Up DEMO
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/number-round-up-demo/bkgijabjalengficoildidnhebcedloa

Number Round-Up
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/number-round-up/higlgjpalnfpeobdhobnbmkfjlicoebi

Monster Math Flash Cards
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/monster-math-flash-cards/aeaeigaepbpgiodmifdpnpdcbelfbmhg

Mic Note -Voice Recorder & Notepad
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mic-note-voice-recorder-n/nhkoenoennbjnibepkjdheodiaojdgpk

BeeLine Reader
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/beeline-reader/ifjafammaookpiajfbedmacfldaiamgg

BeeLine Reader PDF Viewer
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/beeline-reader-pdf-viewer/pmeknoingfjncbdhempgnkdgojickcko

Imagine Learning
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/imagine-learning/cmeclblmdmffdgpdlifgepjddoplmmal

IPEVO Whiteboard
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ipevo-whiteboard/ngabidjikmpanokhnajohenclgjedjkp

Imagine Math Facts
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/imagine-math-facts/fadpmdpcnaohjnledbafmaliecoldfea

Monster Math
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/monster-math/nklbbgeldembakfdnpjkangoomlbgegm

OpenDyslexic Font for Chrome
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/opendyslexic-font-for-chr/cdnapgfjopgaggbmfgbiinmmbdcglnam

lichess.org
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lichessorg/kiefmccciemniajdkgikpnocipidaaeg

Pear Deck
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pear-deck/dnloadmamaeibnaadmfdfelflmmnbajd

Cloud Audio Recorder
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cloud-audio-recorder/coiefjfjbldcapekmclpdfemapaifbmh

scrible
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/scrible/ncjdkbfljbfclahddicjlandcamhkpii

Scrible Toolbar
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/scrible-toolbar/lijhjhlnfifgoabbihoobnfapogkcjgk

Clipchamp - convert, compress, record video
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/clipchamp-convert-compres/delkpojpfkkfgmknffmblbhmlamkjioi

Snapverter
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/snapverter/plebojnaihkfjkkpgaemcjpnkmcpleih

LEGO® MINDSTORMS® Education EV3
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lego%C2%AE-mindstorms%C2%AE-educati/jhnhfnolmcleankdkhfklakpchnccipg

Guitar Tuner for Chrome
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/guitar-tuner-for-chrome/pbofifehloajfnkljdlcjdnbohenjfjp

Pro Guitar Tuner
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pro-guitar-tuner/cnemellbcpjiodfgadpoebbjobfaoiga

Simple Audio Recorder
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/simple-audio-recorder/hopfkembkmkllehkacjjbncmpdnnlogg

Kami - PDF and Document Annotation
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kami-pdf-and-document-ann/iljojpiodmlhoehoecppliohmplbgeij

Kami Extension - PDF and Document Annotation
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kami-extension-pdf-and-do/ecnphlgnajanjnkcmbpancdjoidceilk

Metronome
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/metronome/plhigbggmkcenbdicegndnfdkggfppae

Read&Write for Google Chrome™
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/readwrite-for-google-chro/inoeonmfapjbbkmdafoankkfajkcphgd

Animoto Video Maker
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/animoto-video-maker/cambaldalpopjjmpfogbpikpbhembepl

Dr. Beat
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dr-beat/dkjgoodkdebpicmofjeddinkdpaalcbh

Wunderlist - To-do and Task list
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/wunderlist-to-do-and-task/fjliknjliaohjgjajlgolhijphojjdkc

History Master
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/history-master/mkfgjjeggnmkbobjmelbjhdchcoadnin

Simple Calculator
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/simple-calculator/ckfiohbgfhbnbohlfimidfbgkghocaho

Scientific Calculator
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/scientific-calculator/npoipmeppdioagbkigdlnpmjphnolaog

Screenshot reader
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/screenshot-reader/enfolipbjmnmleonhhebhalojdpcpdoo

Buffer
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/buffer/noojglkidnpfjbincgijbaiedldjfbhh

Brilliant
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/brilliant/eommhbliilafdkodaijeejngbjiiaccl

MindMap
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mindmap/gdaeohpmcenmffofpikllphdhlkkocfa

Visual CV: Online Resume Builder
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/visual-cv-online-resume-b/eaficoeoafjilohgbmjkiflobhcbifnl

SMART amp
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/smart-amp/fohjhgbmepinpmaeihbbineajkfgnanh

Vernier Graphical Analysis
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/vernier-graphical-analysi/dncgedbnidfkppmdgfgidcepclnokpkb

Caret
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/caret/fljalecfjciodhpcledpamjachpmelml

Caret-T
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/caret-t/agiednhnlghobdgpgfdnbdaflnngmoij

GeoGebra Graphing Calculator
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/geogebra-graphing-calcula/ajijpokmmljpgdacmnejdjkbjjpjjekj

GeoGebra Geometry
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/geogebra-geometry/hokbjblijjdkihbodaabbgabhockefhj

GeoGebra Exam
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/geogebra-exam/gfonoieejibgldghefkbpbnhfggmfdpg

GeoGebra Classic
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/geogebra-classic/bnbaboaihhkjoaolfnfoablhllahjnee

The Mathist - The Joy of Math
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/the-mathist-the-joy-of-ma/ehachmeohjhhbeehmhomikfanodljcnb

Spread3D Review for SketchUp
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/spread3d-review-for-sketc/ncjkndlllagaajogioiailncjbmbalci

Notebook for Class
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/notebook-for-class/olgmbcokffmfcoejflbldleogoafmemo

Calmly Writer
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/calmly-writer/adhdlhedoenicbbncfckobjedmboleig

InfoTrac Newsstand
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/infotrac-newsstand/dddepnkfocinfaaiopbgllnfajpahfac

Evernote Web Clipper
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/evernote-web-clipper/pioclpoplcdbaefihamjohnefbikjilc

Evernote Web
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/evernote-web/lbfehkoinhhcknnbdgnnmjhiladcgbol

Gale Researcher
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gale-researcher/lokddmbenfpbpmnpphndhhkecoeodgkf

Math Vocab Cards, by The Math Learning Center
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/math-vocab-cards-by-the-m/mbedahlhfedefficmodbeebfcepgejeb

Lucidchart Diagrams
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lucidchart-diagrams/apboafhkiegglekeafbckfjldecefkhn

Clipboardy
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/clipboardy/gkafpbdjggkmmngaamlghmigadfaalhc

A360 Viewer
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/a360-viewer/bodkdplplgdablilhanmelgepmfnagfo

Flashcards for Google Dictionary/Translate
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/flashcards-for-google-dic/pboblphnjnplkmolfannbemkjegjeckp

Soundtrap for Education
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/soundtrap-for-education/dlallcjfneldmakcbklbpbcgdbbkigfi

Soundtrap - Make Music Online
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/soundtrap-make-music-onli/epaknpicfmoglpinnnjckaobafganajf

ScratchJr
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/scratchjr/oipimoeophamdcmjcfameoojlbhbgjda

Timer
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/timer/edebbhkhcaafmolanelponjjanocpacd

The QR Code Generator
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/the-qr-code-generator/gcmhlmapohffdglflokbgknlknnmogbb

MLA International Bibliography
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mla-international-bibliog/okaaejdgappcpmgibeappabijcogjidi

ThingLink
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/thinglink/epcaehkmiggnoljjoaecbgmdnjcjohke

Noisli
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/noisli/klejemegaoblahjdpcajmpcnjjmkmkkf

usecubes.com
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/usecubescom/hjlajmdgnpnhlbomfdhhmkgpmkkalidd

Socrative Student
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/socrative-student/nblhpecglllndfihipmpdoikimcmgkha

Epic! - Unlimited Books for Kids
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/epic-unlimited-books-for/lmjefjipbldpocmjmmaljbjcnpepmooi

Any.do
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/anydo/ocgddccilgpeepgglnlpchkpgamkgmld

Lucidchart Diagrams - Desktop
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lucidchart-diagrams-deskt/djejicklhojeokkfmdelnempiecmdomj

My Study Life
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/my-study-life/mnjdjjiobjicmlhnjlogfgbibihjhkeo

Mindomo - Mind Mapping and Concept Mapping
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mindomo-mind-mapping-and/lomfkamlboaefcpcnnklebogoelalnjm

Gliffy Diagrams
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gliffy-diagrams/bhmicilclplefnflapjmnngmkkkkpfad

Bookopolis
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bookopolis/hkpekedceekgeljpmbcadboefgjedogi

Britannica School
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/britannica-school/bmpgjhbbkjggcedenjmgaembjfjfeiec

Screen capture, screenshot share/save
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/screen-capture-screenshot/cjbjepchlgclmpinlbbeinajphohgfod

Dashlane - Password Manager
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dashlane-password-manager/fdjamakpfbbddfjaooikfcpapjohcfmg

Todoist: To-Do list and Task Manager
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/todoist-to-do-list-and-ta/jldhpllghnbhlbpcmnajkpdmadaolakh

Mindomo Bookmarks
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mindomo-bookmarks/ghabekkoaicdmfgggmocafcdllmdhamb

Cloudy Calculator 2
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cloudy-calculator-2/gpnjkkgajfmdmbbpadigjlhpkaopfccl

Grammarly for Chrome
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/grammarly-for-chrome/kbfnbcaeplbcioakkpcpgfkobkghlhen

Collabrify Writer
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/collabrify-writer/loiihjjfbgbngkdepdnbkdilncjcljhh

Drive Notepad
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/drive-notepad/gpgjomejfimnbmobcocilppikhncegaj

Bible
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bible/adplcelpohamiijahbaanmoimmnoaiaf

LDS Scriptures
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lds-scriptures/kcnjbofadkagcjingenimpdonldabmda

After the Deadline
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/after-the-deadline/fcdjadjbdihbaodagojiomdljhjhjfho

LaTeX, Desmos, and PDF extension
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/latex-desmos-and-pdf-exte/kkecifdokfegdcdmejfpambcjfppaing

Smartsheet Web Forms
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/smartsheet-web-forms/pgpocnooohebkdhaegknphcjifcnhneg

The QR Code Extension
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/the-qr-code-extension/oijdcdmnjjgnnhgljmhkjlablaejfeeb

Web Timer
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/web-timer/efkkjffdefaaioagghcaflicdajfhceo

DynaMath
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dynamath/fphbkjolhcfhkfkcdjmjiakckdpcmggd

Clipboard History 2
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/clipboard-history-2/ajiejmhbejpdgkkigpddefnjmgcbkenk

Right Inbox for Gmail
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/right-inbox-for-gmail/mflnemhkomgploogccdmcloekbloobgb

Diigo Web Collector - Capture and Annotate
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/diigo-web-collector-captu/pnhplgjpclknigjpccbcnmicgcieojbh

Learn States and Capitals
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/learn-states-and-capitals/cdblkfkcegbngjbibiefbjbeofmbgonk

Marker.io: Visual feedback tool for teams
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/markerio-visual-feedback/jofhoojcehdmaiibilpcoofpdbbddkkl

Canva
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/canva/mbcfmcoibkecmionmehabndbljdleekf

StudyMode.com
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/studymodecom/afhaomgjckjnioommpjdnanglalimoon

Tynker for Educators
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tynker-for-educators/kkepmjblejjegpnbpkdgpemmfhggdien

Tynker - Learn to code
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tynker-learn-to-code/gpddnfaibnhicdkfemlinafcljmfimla

Readable Project Gutenberg
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/readable-project-gutenber/ikeknfmhjbljoochjhkgcffkpmigpjel

Goobric Web App Launcher
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/goobric-web-app-launcher/cepmakjlanepojocakadfpohnhhalfol

Goobric for Students
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/goobric-for-students/mpgknomjjgfnghhmhnhgpmanpkccgkoc

Clicker Sentences
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/clicker-sentences/mjjoplcogfihnioljobfdpdcfplpcnbj

countDown
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/countdown/fefdcjabloofphhfcinhfbinmehfcojm

Music Player for Google Drive
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/music-player-for-google-d/hnfeekfpnjbdmelcapngdgkjnhgijjkh

Cloud QRcode Barcode Scanner, Reader
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cloud-qrcode-barcode-scan/enchgplbfgffjcekcnbjhgjbhipbbcfj

VexTab Music Notation
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/vextab-music-notation/npcffdibegeppkebphaghnpkcjcpopjf

Pixlr Editor
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pixlr-editor/icmaknaampgiegkcjlimdiidlhopknpk

Blender on rollApp
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/blender-on-rollapp/bdacondcffpkfgognbcfgeflmeiioiec

HUMAN 3.0
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/human-30/meefjekipolcgabfgaclcpdkbghhmoah

MeisterTask
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/meistertask/klffkpfdfjoefeolelhjkojljdoidoae

Floorplanner
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/floorplanner/abopacaefhbognnmeigicfpgnmpideag

UJAM - Make your music
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ujam-make-your-music/apdiogojbmdncjdpljocafnigiokgmci

piZap Photo Editor
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pizap-photo-editor/occpjibghkbopohbefbejkklnfdkdmok

Kindle Cloud Reader
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kindle-cloud-reader/icdipabjmbhpdkjaihfjoikhjjeneebd

Drive Word Cloud
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/drive-word-cloud/ielgnnbehadnmkcgpgnpmelggibcogdb

Lucidpress | Free Design Tool
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lucidpress-free-design-to/fdiljnnpfniifgbaippdemegmlhoohka

Sketchboard.io
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/sketchboardio/bgafhjpdkfjfmmjbebbdckolonomaoil

Research In Context
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/research-in-context/cdpefipjhdifekejcbbhmajabbfpaofm

Realtimeboard for Education
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/realtimeboard-for-educati/jgbminfdblackehpaaiemmkceciacpke

Stylebot
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylebot/oiaejidbmkiecgbjeifoejpgmdaleoha

Sticky Notes
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/sticky-notes/nbjdhgkkhefpifbifjiflpaajchdkhpg

DesignMantic
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/designmantic/abbmoibfpmcfmofhgjahikhgniacmebo

Number Frames, by The Math Learning Center
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/number-frames-by-the-math/idlcfdihcafblaoadpfeofbcbcmfogbc

Number Frames, by The Math Learning Center
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/number-frames-by-the-math/idlcfdihcafblaoadpfeofbcbcmfogbc

Health-Food Frenzy
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/health-food-frenzy/mnmfdldblnpepcbhpbadjcmbagdoomjn

Citable
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/citable/jfiabcklnnhkmkcdjjpmgghiimjkaeio

Snap It Button
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/snap-it-button/kclagiidcihmjfnlfdboggonemfhcklk

Notebook
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/notebook/hoecnkggfbggadilpmdhpmocnokhpgmp

Remote for Slides
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/remote-for-slides/pojijacppbhikhkmegdoechbfiiibppi

Checker Plus for Gmail™
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/checker-plus-for-gmail/oeopbcgkkoapgobdbedcemjljbihmemj

Proofread Bot
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/proofread-bot/cjnnmmjgjaaomkcjibnncokikbianjap

Storyboard That
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/storyboard-that/nlflnngknijojboglnnkonkcenocjepa

Anyfile Notepad
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/anyfile-notepad/ghlichmdnegmcpafgmmlpkegmcndlndi

Inkscape on rollApp
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/inkscape-on-rollapp/icjinnaagdniegmfejingjjhljhmkopj

LibreOffice Writer on rollApp
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/libreoffice-writer-on-rol/gnibcjefjdpoannnhgmhoheglmepgggc

LibreOffice Calc on rollApp
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/libreoffice-calc-on-rolla/bclbclclgmmigcadnicnjimilaoenlgn

LibreOffice Impress on rollApp
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/libreoffice-impress-on-ro/aphkpmfcmpjnlnfilmgokeohlbealone

LibreOffice Draw on rollApp
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/libreoffice-draw-on-rolla/apaghoiaeioepkngbmdaifpagmcmiafo

3DView
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/3dview/hhngciknjebkeffhafnaodkfidcdlcao

Scrum for Trello
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/scrum-for-trello/jdbcdblgjdpmfninkoogcfpnkjmndgje

HelloSign for Gmail
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hellosign-for-gmail/dciflieigdmogpmamcgbigingaodhnil

My Homework Reminder
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/my-homework-reminder/jkfnehckplkpicbhiajnggoendjcendc

Todoist for Gmail
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/todoist-for-gmail/clgenfnodoocmhnlnpknojdbjjnmecff

Todoist for Chrome
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/todoist-for-chrome/bgjohebimpjdhhocbknplfelpmdhifhd

Flat - Music scores and guitar tabs editor
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/flat-music-scores-and-gui/mgfkpiieempkmppimblkblmlcmbdkbcg

Britannica Insights
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/britannica-insights/hfipegnjbpgdlgifpfdcfnjnhepckmbf

Dictanote
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dictanote/aomjekmpappghadlogpigifkghlmebjk

Capitals
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/capitals/hknjpfmofgpecngeknegnfafjmmficah

MapClass
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mapclass/faedcegfohpjdncchlhlfcfinnfjmmjc

Vocabulary.com
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/vocabularycom/nacjcabfneebdomlmehblfinaepipepd

Clicker Docs
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/clicker-docs/glmkaoamkcjbpchpndkllpkonadidamf

Sphero Edu
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/sphero-edu/hfiocchbmngcelgfdcfbepgoipapddlh

MuseScore on rollApp
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/musescore-on-rollapp/lajkcaalkdbnkbaljaldmoahhfjlbgad

WeVideo - Video Editor and Maker
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/wevideo-video-editor-and/okgjbfikepgflmlelgfgecmgjnmnmnnb

Typing Test - KeyHero
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/typing-test-keyhero/jkcieoaeooeidmpaopkpjpjfakidlabm

flowkey - Learn piano
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/flowkey-learn-piano/jlmilmpimaepjkihnncinbaooibgelhm

Piktochart
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/piktochart/ojgpilphbpmpjlicfhhkgnfbedaeegil

OneTab
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/onetab/chphlpgkkbolifaimnlloiipkdnihall

Quizlet
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/quizlet/bgofflgeghkhocbociocnckocbjmomjh

VideoNot.es
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/videonotes/gfpamkcpoehaekolkipeomdbaihfdbdp

Britannica Escolar
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/britannica-escolar/kjhegkfjihiekcniccimlfbafpoccemn

goo.gl URL Shortener (Unofficial)
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/googl-url-shortener-unoff/iblijlcdoidgdpfknkckljiocdbnlagk

Explain Everything™
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/explain-everything/abgfnbfplmdnhfnonljpllnfcobfebag

Owlsee Reader
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/owlsee-reader/pjmmkmkbmjgeobhndjjmjjhodngjgpab

Britannica Pathways: Science
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/britannica-pathways-scien/hocbpaaeaomikmnhfponbdbmoggebgmj

Chameleon
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/chameleon/acdpiemklcfaoglpjmidpjdbhkgdoede

QuizCards: US Capitals
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/quizcards-us-capitals/jlhcfbghojkmhebppenhjhhjejdcblja

QuizCards: World Capitals
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/quizcards-world-capitals/nikenaeclebghemphbkfedjndafkfjan

Sketchpad
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/sketchpad/lkllajgbhondgjjnhmmgbjndmogapinp

Diigo Read Later
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/diigo-read-later/jooajjfbnpnafgndfpeboaehpddfglaj

StudentCreated.TV
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/studentcreatedtv/joedkkbdmjnbnkcimiciacbmlakbnajm

Kaizena Web App
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kaizena-web-app/lhiccpgcnopcjjdobhoddnplkebplfaj

Audiotool
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/audiotool/bkgoccjhfjgjedhkiefaclppgbmoobnk

Loupe Collage
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/loupe-collage/bhaonknplhhecdgjpphnooeomecgipkc

LibreCAD on rollApp
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/librecad-on-rollapp/gbalmmdepliaghihofedeopaacjfcgab

Bitmoji
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bitmoji/bfgdeiadkckfbkeigkoncpdieiiefpig

My Diary
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/my-diary/igfnkanfehhehlajnhpajibfcfgkaikl

Tab Resize - split screen layouts
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tab-resize-split-screen-l/bkpenclhmiealbebdopglffmfdiilejc

Duolingo on the Web
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/duolingo-on-the-web/aiahmijlpehemcpleichkcokhegllfjl

Progress Bar Timer
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/progress-bar-timer/lmnlbapfmmoaehepmgbkgfcgpddlhbko

Beatlab
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/beatlab/alnfdikmbdfgkcbdodjcbmedanjinmkk

Global Issues In Context
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/global-issues-in-context/mipjkbpeeabmhjkjafceoikmnjlbkppc

Remind
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/remind/jppddpkfhdojffabldnpdacpeoefcljp

Planner 5D - Interior Design
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/planner-5d-interior-desig/mcafejemebbngbglfoinpoaannbihjna

Exploring Physics
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/exploring-physics/kklieabdjnojdopjnjcdhebcgpeofcig

Ultra Timer
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ultra-timer/laohhcnmipbidhjomikgbmdgckopbgnb

Splash Math - Kindergarten & Grades 1,2,3,4,5
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/splash-math-kindergarten/jnhgahdncfnbbceeeoogallakggdjkdp

Cite This For Me: Web Citer
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cite-this-for-me-web-cite/nnnmhgkokpalnmbeighfomegjfkklkle

EasyBib Toolbar
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/easybib-toolbar/hmffdimoneaieldiddcmajhbjijmnggi

piZap Extension
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pizap-extension/okkhakdhndfahinanaadokakjeeobdak

Literature Resource Center
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/literature-resource-cente/cnilelbdpjaanpmjmnmnodboicfgedeh

Wunderlist for Chrome
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/wunderlist-for-chrome/ojcflmmmcfpacggndoaaflkmcoblhnbh

Doodle
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/doodle/jbmblniplnhgnnhbefhegahmajplfbnb

Fun with Anatomy: 3D Skeletal Edition
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fun-with-anatomy-3d-skele/edaipbgjneincgihdfdbmjfeobinapea

Native Video Recorder
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/native-video-recorder/adpmbpjeaogcnegjcpgdabnilfdkfdnd

Planner 5D
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/planner-5d/gjfkgdpkecnmfcgfpfibpcnkeakahllc

TinEye Reverse Image Search
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tineye-reverse-image-sear/haebnnbpedcbhciplfhjjkbafijpncjl

PicMonkey
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/picmonkey/fgdgokchhicmaiacmgegjnppjkgogdhm

PicMonkey Extension
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/picmonkey-extension/dhipmoghimfdldnocmopeoanjmoolofl

Omnibox Timer
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/omnibox-timer/iooaeaogjngpihndkcednkblomlkaaif

Symbaloo
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/symbaloo/dfnbdccaiknlpdgabdgjijniolkgmoeh

Symbaloo Bookmarker 0.5.0
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/symbaloo-bookmarker-050/cnjfgbikbkcmickdalamlmpmkhmbollm

Symbaloo Homepage 2
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/symbaloo-homepage-2/ipmeajfmcoafocgllabadecddnaabakj

StudyBlue
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/studyblue/hiicppnmnhhkaaboclnefgkbnpkompmh

Web Paint
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/web-paint/emeokgokialpjadjaoeiplmnkjoaegng

CodeCombat
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/codecombat/lakhjipibopbckhkaokkojaaekahboea

Nearpod
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nearpod/cenpjcpgdbogmgdfhhckdbnepedjkmok

Draftback
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/draftback/nnajoiemfpldioamchanognpjmocgkbg

Booktrack Classroom
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/booktrack-classroom/odmndfiaonleilpbajajkijoihjemocc

Number Rack, by The Math Learning Center
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/number-rack-by-the-math-l/pdblapgbfbphhldogcijidlkbcgokfkc

Poll Everywhere for Google Slides
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/poll-everywhere-for-googl/jeehnidbmlhpkncbplipfalpjkhlokaa

Speed Dial 2 New tab
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/speed-dial-2-new-tab/jpfpebmajhhopeonhlcgidhclcccjcik

MyVocab
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/myvocab/npfplmfmbflbcffpkpgmhpinemlimnnc

CES Typing Agent
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ces-typing-agent/mdkggmbfjapelliifekmaphipljomigm

NoRedInk
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/noredink/gbkjhclpbchhhcoaedejpkdpmcgpghld

myHomework Student Planner
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/myhomework-student-planne/pembccdigcahnckbjcbehhcacplbbomj

Vim on rollApp
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/vim-on-rollapp/iclicjdkmddehpfpngcoappmfcagbman

Typing Agent
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/typing-agent/mochklkahnceihomooabomcgemodiogi

BeFunky Photo Editor
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/befunky-photo-editor/apfkepiiddolifkgjmfdgpnipgnfejab

Noisli Presets
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/noisli-presets/njkoflafigjlbfcijcflnbgnnogcgpmj

Session Buddy
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/session-buddy/edacconmaakjimmfgnblocblbcdcpbko

Money Pieces, by The Math Learning Center
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/money-pieces-by-the-math/bkidjlafelhjjkdhlbmbpneaofghikcg

Geoboard, by The Math Learning Center
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/geoboard-by-the-math-lear/gaakmmdiopnmcenkojohldanladpajak

Storybird
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/storybird/khnkljecljfpgcoafnmoaanlhepgbfof

Number Pieces, by The Math Learning Center
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/number-pieces-by-the-math/fhcpnppigjdhghbohcbogmmhmfkobgbm

Desmos Graphing Calculator
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/desmos-graphing-calculato/bhdheahnajobgndecdbggfmcojekgdko

Number Line, by The Math Learning Center
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/number-line-by-the-math-l/ociighkhkffcoplfkofojilfjholclge

EquatIO - Math made digital
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/equatio-math-made-digital/hjngolefdpdnooamgdldlkjgmdcmcjnc

Mercury Reader
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mercury-reader/oknpjjbmpnndlpmnhmekjpocelpnlfdi

Study Planner - Gets Homework & Essays Done
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/study-planner-gets-homewo/oigefcidhkeifchgbnknfmgdapejholn

Highlight tool
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/highlight-tool/bocgmaooafgikalnonpaccinefpncobc

Scribus on rollApp
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/scribus-on-rollapp/eefjfbijdpikldldhdjngddehoakejdm

Pattern Shapes, by The Math Learning Center
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pattern-shapes-by-the-mat/moheohlmdhjkibapcidpmdponeaefnoi

GIMP on rollApp
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gimp-on-rollapp/eodhmnkhmnkmimhckfpkgmbmcgjkaddo

Fractions, by The Math Learning Center
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fractions-by-the-math-lea/ggebicodjlnlcnlnfmbnhihkmoblhmio

SketchUp for Schools
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/sketchup-for-schools/lfhlekccjamfkfmjgnpbdjpecanfbjkl

BIODIGITAL HUMAN
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/biodigital-human/agoenciogemlojlhccbcpcfflicgnaak

Plotly
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/plotly/hfjjbcodmdgnpngccdnefheadifbmmei

Snap&Read Universal
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/snapread-universal/mloajfnmjckfjbeeofcdaecbelnblden

Fluency Tutor® for Google™
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fluency-tutor%C2%AE-for-google/ejajakfhhhhkifioabcekjjlhpoiijfa

Coding with Chrome
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/coding-with-chrome/becloognjehhioodmnimnehjcibkloed

Pixlr Express
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pixlr-express/hojmjpdlmjopaeginhldhiokeidchjid

Type Fu
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/type-fu/pofoighmmpljaikjiidkkfhldjndfdbk

Desmos Test Mode
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/desmos-test-mode/ppkkplnhefiifjmgokbhhjebbddhiipf

HP Print for Chrome
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hp-print-for-chrome/cjanmonomjogheabiocdamfpknlpdehm

Trello
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trello/dmdidbedhnbabookbkpkgomahnocimke

LastPass: Free Password Manager
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lastpass-free-password-ma/hdokiejnpimakedhajhdlcegeplioahd

Power Thesaurus
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/power-thesaurus/hhnjkanigjoiglnlopahbbjdbfhkndjk

Save to Pocket
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/save-to-pocket/niloccemoadcdkdjlinkgdfekeahmflj

Quora - Save to Pocket
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/quora-save-to-pocket/lllehdhoocnpkkhpnoonnpcfcjmnmlil

MindMup 2.0 - Free Mind Map web site
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mindmup-20-free-mind-map/mkgkheknpfngchmoaognoilfanomldfl

Lucidchart for Education
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lucidchart-for-education/gdbabpaggdgcakhjllleobffeghmhjme

Seesaw: The Learning Journal
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/seesaw-the-learning-journ/adnohgfkodfphemhddnmikhflkolfjfh

Thesaurus: Synonym 4 Right Click
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/thesaurus-synonym-4-right/lpkpcliecpgjbkffooidajhakoidhidh

Pocket
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pocket/mjcnijlhddpbdemagnpefmlkjdagkogk

Nearpodize
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nearpodize/obaclhgeioenpfkcekijanhfbfhhbkig

Momentum
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/momentum/laookkfknpbbblfpciffpaejjkokdgca

Select and Speak - Text to Speech
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/select-and-speak-text-to/gfjopfpjmkcfgjpogepmdjmcnihfpokn

OverDrive
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/overdrive/fnhgfoccpcjdnjcobejogdnlnidceemb

VLC
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/vlc/obpdeolnggmbekmklghapmfpnfhpcndf

Genie - Extemp, Congress, Debate
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/genie-extemp-congress-deb/efadmbnnoammocppapaojgggfdnelmde

Nimbus Screenshot & Screen Video Recorder
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nimbus-screenshot-screen/bpconcjcammlapcogcnnelfmaeghhagj

Office Online
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/office-online/ndjpnladcallmjemlbaebfadecfhkepb

Google Play Music
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-play-music/icppfcnhkcmnfdhfhphakoifcfokfdhg

Scribe Text Editor
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/scribe-text-editor/dibbaaheaneakpnjljinhlghfljilakb

Screen Shader | F.lux for Chrome
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/screen-shader-flux-for-ch/fmlboobidmkelggdainpknloccojpppi

Grammar and Spelling checker by Ginger
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/grammar-and-spelling-chec/kdfieneakcjfaiglcfcgkidlkmlijjnh

StudySync
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/studysync/efgelboigboejhfpooedjgmcfcemlijj

Etymonline
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/etymonline/giehjnnlopapngdjbjjgddpaagoimmgl

Adobe Acrobat
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/adobe-acrobat/efaidnbmnnnibpcajpcglclefindmkaj

VMware View
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/vmware-view/ijgbhebamoaebjfmpiaeihjfbejbpgfd